Runtime:
    1) In the context of figuring out whether a box of animal crackers contains
    an elephant, the workload would be equivalent to the total number of
    crackers in the box (i.e. the length of the input list). Since the worst
    case for workload would include going through the entire box (traversing the
    entire list) and not finding an elephant, the length of the list is the
    primary factor influencing runtime complexity in this example.
    2) Descending order of efficiency:
        O(1)
        O(log n)
        O(n)
        O(n log n)
        O(n^2)
        O(2^n)

Stacks and Queues:
    1) Stack or queue more appropriate:
        1. Loading & unloading pallets: stack
        2. Capping bottles on an assembly line: queue
        3. Calculating the solution to a parenthetical math expression: stack
    2) Two more situations where a queue is more appropriate:
        1. Actual manufacturing inventory management systems (my old company
        used FIFO rules for using raw materials that went into the products we
        made, in order to ensure materials were used up before they expired)
        2. Toll booth lines
    3) Two more situations where a stack is more appropriate:
        1. People getting into and out of an elevator (where only one door is
        present)
        2. Replacing the batteries in a flashlight

Linked Lists:
    1) In the example:
        Nodes: each of three two-part boxes that contain a data box ("Apple",
        "Berry", and "Cherry") and a 'next' attribute box that points to
        something.
        Data: at each node, the text contained in the left-side box: "Apple",
        "Berry", and "Cherry"
        Head: the head is an attribute (italic 'head') of a linked list (here
        called 'LLIST'), that points to a node as a method to track where the
        list starts; in this case it points to the node containing the data
        attribute "Apple" so this is the head of the list.
        Tail: Technically this list does not have a tail as there is no 'tail'
        attribute in the diagram pointing at anything. If there were, in this
        example the tail would be diagrammed similarly to the 'head' but it
        would be graphed underneath the node with the data attribute "Cherry"
        and would be pointing at it.
    2) Doubly- and singly-linked lists differ in that, while the nodes of each
    type of list will always have a 'next' attribute that points to the next
    item in the list, a node in a doubly-linked list will also have a 'previous'
    attribute that will allow for traversing the list backwards instead of
    unidirectionally.
    3) It's faster (or, technically, more efficient) to append to a linked list
    if keeping track of the tail as an attribute because the position of the
    tail will always be known, and a search or traversal over the list won't
    have to be done to find and update the end of that list. Without a tail
    attribute, the list will have to be traversed by starting at the head and
    following each node's 'next' pointer until finding the last node where
    'next': None. Because this process represents list traversal, its runtime
    would be determined by the length of the list, as in O(n). If the linked
    list had a tail attribute, though, which pointed to the last node, the
    length of the list wouldn't matter and the last node could be identified by
    simple 'index'-like lookup, which has a constant runtime complexity, O(1).

Trees:
    1) Breadth-first search:
        Food
            Italian
            Indian
            Mexican
                lasagna
                pizza
                tikka masala
                saag
                burrito
    2) Depth-first search:
        Food
            Mexican
                enchiladas
                tacos
                burritos
            Indian
                saag
                tikka masala
            Italian
                pizza
                Sicilian
                New York-style
                Chicago-style
    3) A binary search tree is different from other trees in that each node will
    have only, at most, one left child and one right child, and there are rules
    for how they are arranged (e.g. alphabetically with regards to the parent
    node). Binary search trees have a relative ordering in how the nodes are
    organized. They allow for faster searching of lists without necessarily
    having to sort the lists first; the tree is sorted, though, because of the
    rules for their arrangement. Every step from a parent to a child node
    reduces the search space by half (because there are at most 2 children nodes
    for that parent node). Therefore, they will be more efficient for finding
    specific nodes (O(log n)) than simply traversing an unsorted list (O(n)).
